bringing the people behind our food to
life I've got you know thousands of
photographs of the cornfield at
different stages so I could check my
observations as I was writing the book
because beautiful ones written by a
farmer and I want to make sure that it
had all my observations that I wasn't
relying on some other some other
information I wanted to see everything
happening you know it's watching it all
the way through and watching it into the
winter watching the field and I talk
about this because a lot of times crop
up and your harvest it you process it
goodbye maybe see a little bit of you
know see production but I also point out
that the cornfield has a life after it
has finished producing ears for us now
it's trained as a forester and and I
like to see natural systems functioning
well and so this cornfield after we've
harvested it we won't do anything to it
it'll just sit here all winter long and
the birds will have snipe in here we'll
have quail copies of quail working
picking out the seeds of the amur
Anthony and there's some odds and ends
and they'll be working and finding those
seeds they'll be mice in here there'll
be bluebirds during cold spells will
come down and forage among the corn
stocks leaving their place like this is
a critical component of the farm because
it's where all the spiders hide during
the winter and they've got a place to
live and be undisturbed as a predatory
insects and larvae of predatory insects
oh yeah in the larvae of also sub
daddy's out there but but the
beneficials always win out in there and
if you don't stomp on them too hard
they'll be there and and this is their
refuge this is a sanctuary for the
winter after the winter has passed in
the springtime we will turn all this
under and will help be planting new new
crops in here knock corn we'll wait
another four to five years before we
return here for corn we rotate our crops
it'll probably be a lot of beans in here
because I like beans and we grow a lot
of them and maybe some sweet potatoes as
well I keep returning to them and at
that point all all the all the spiders
that have overwintered can run to a new
place they can recolonize parts of the
farm and so we've retained that that
that population if we had done it at
this time of the year this is a time of
year actually when they're least capable
of rebounding and with those spider
colonies have the least ability to find
me quarters like us you don't want to
move before winter because you got all
these stuff stored up you got your food
and you're in a nice place you move in
the springtime better time that's human
instinct and it's also good for spiders
okay here we go
you